# Privacy Policy

Last updated: July 14th, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Afkanerd Ltd, Bamenda.

- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- **Country** refers to: Cameroon

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Service** refers to the Website.

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **Website** refers to SMSwithoutborders, accessible from <https://smswithoutborders.com>

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

For the purposes of registering for this service and subsequently sending and receiving SMS via this service, we will require a phone number. We are not strict on the ownership of the number you choose to use, but we will send an authentication message to the number so as to determine you have the authority to use that number.

For the purposes of providing you information on local Gateways for sending SMS to, we will require the country of the phone number. We do not collect data on the country of the user.

#### Information from Third-Party Social Media Services

For the purposes of using third-party platforms, the website will request access to your third-party platforms. The website stores the access you grant us and no other information about the profile of the individual.

Due to the ability of users to save multiple access for the same third-party platforms we store unique profile handles per platform to aid the user in identifying which account they are currently using.

We do not use third-party identifiable information for tracking, identifying or categorizing users.

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Opting out and data deletion

You can opt out of our service at will. This will trigger a complete deletion of your personal data from our system immediately. We will revoke every and all access you granted to Us for the usage of this product upon deletion. We can only delete personal data we have stored on our database. Deletion of personnel from other third party databases even if linked from our service will have to be requested directly from the third party. We provide information on how to perform this for each third party service we provide.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practice s of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us by visiting this page on our [website](https://smswithoutborders.com/contact-us)
